alright guys welcome to another episode
of movie spoiler alerts and this episode
we will be spoiling The Avengers
this movie somewhat relies on that
you've seen you individual character
movies but I'll do my best to explain
the pertinent information I will also be
uploading summaries of all the
individual characters so check those out
too if you want some more information to
get started let's do a quick rundown of
the Avengers team Tony Stark aka Iron
Man he's a billionaire genius that has
no actual powers but incredibly advanced
technology that helps him fight bad guys
Thor aka pretty boy from Asgard the god
of thunder who carries a hammer that
cannot be moved Bruce Banner aka the
Hulk
a scientist that when he gets angry
becomes a massive green creature that is
nearly invincible Steve Rogers aka
Captain America a genetically enhanced
man from the 1940s that was frozen for
70 years and is sometimes a bit of out
of touch with modern times Clint Barton
aka Hawkeye a new character to the
modern Marvel movie universe who does
not have his own individual movie and
frankly no one really cares about him
Hawkeye his weapon of choice is a bow
and arrow but does not have any real
specific superpowers Natasha Romanoff
aka Black Widow
honestly safer maybe pretty boy Thor
she's the best looking member of the
offenders
she also does not have her own movie but
I'd definitely watch it if she did she's
a highly trained former Soviet spy who
is a master assassin and seductress Nick
Fury while not an actual Avenger he's
the director of shield an organization
that is sort of like a souped-up CIA
that sometimes uses superheroes the
avengers work as a part of shield now
that we've explained who is part of the
team let's get to the story the movie
begins with Thor's not-so-nice brother
Loki Loki meets a character called the
other who is the leader of an alien race
known as the Chitauri Loki gets an
object called the tesseract from shield
and gives it to the other
the other will give loki an army capable
of taking over earth the tesseract has
been seen in quite a few other Marvel
movies especially in the first Captain
America movie I will be doing a summary
of those movies explaining the history a
bit more so make sure to check them out
the tesseract is an infinity stone for
more in-depth explanation of what
Infinity stones are check out my
guardians of the galaxy movie summary
the main thing to know about the
tesseract is it's a cube of great power
and the other wants it so he can give it
to his master
Thanos nearly all of the recent Marvel
movies at least on some level have been
influenced by Thanos but we only have
seen glimpses of him Thanos is gonna be
playing a big role in the future and his
desire to get his hands on the Infinity
stones is very important loki breaks
into the shield headquarters and ends up
capturing the tesseract as well as mind
controlling a good amount of shield
scientists including dr. Erik Selvig the
professor from the Thor movies as well
as Hawkeye Nick Fury escapes this attack
and works to get the Avengers together
which does take a bit of convincing the
mind controlled Hawkeye ends up stealing
iridium that is needed to stabilize the
tesseract while at the same time
Loki makes a very loud and obvious
distraction Loki is captured by the
Avengers and taken to shield ship known
as the Helicarrier
however the tesseract is still hidden
away from the Avengers after some
investigating the Avengers learned that
shield wants the tesseract cube so they
can weaponize it which starts a big
argument between the agents of shield
and the members of the Avengers
while arguing the mind controlled
Hawkeye and several others of Loki's
crew attacked the Helicarrier
a big fight breaks out loki escapes and
hawkeye is knocked unconscious which
breaks him from his mind control the
avengers attempt to recover while loki
puts the final parts of his plan into
action the still mind controlled dr.
Selvig has set up the tesseract
on the roof of a building in New York
City which he uses to open a massive
wormhole from the wormhole a giant army
of Chitauri pours in the same army that
the other promised to Loki for capturing
the tesseract
a huge fight breaks out between Loki's
army and the Avengers the US government
attempts to use a nuclear missile to
destroy the whole city of New York in
order to prevent the attack from
spreading but iron man takes the missile
through the wormhole causing it to
detonate on the other side in a galaxy
far away the explosion causes the
wormhole to close and Iron Man falls
back to earth Loki is defeated in a
rather brutal way by the Hulk and then
Thor takes both Loki and the tesseract
back to Asgard so that guys was the
spoilers for the movie The Avengers if
you like my videos please like and
subscribe and let me know in the
comments what movie you would like me to
spoil next